THERE'S ONLY ONE
BANANA NUT MUFFIN LEFT.
I ORDERED MINE FIRST.
YEAH, BUT I'M
SO MUCH FASTER.
GIVE IT TO ME.
NO.
GIVE IT TO ME!
OKAY, YOU CAN HAVE IT.
THERE YOU GO,
ENJOY YOUR COFFEE.
THAT WAS THERE
WHEN I GOT HERE.
HEY, YOU WILL NEVER GUESS
WHO'S COMING TO NEW YORK.
QUICK, PHOEBE, TELL US
BEFORE HE CAN SWALLOW.
RYAN, THAT GUY I WENT OUT
WITH WHO'S IN THE NAVY.
( grunting )
YOU WENT OUT
WITH A GUY IN THE NAVY?
I MET HIM WHEN I WAS
PLAYING GUITAR IN THE PARK.
RYAN THREW IN SALT WATER TAFFY,
'CAUSE HE DIDN'T HAVE CHANGE.
IS THAT WHEN YOU WROTE
"SALT WATER TAFFY MAN"?
NO.
NO. HE IS MY SUBMARINE GUY.
HE RESURFACES,
LIKE, EVERY COUPLE YEARS
AND WE HAVE THE MOST AMAZING
THREE DAYS TOGETHER.
ONLY THIS TIME
HE'S COMING FOR TWO WEEKS.
TWO WHOLE WEEKS--
WHICH MEANS YAY!
SO THIS GUY GOES DOWN
FOR LIKE TWO YEARS AT A TIME?
( grunting )
THAT WILL TEACH YOU
TO LICK MY MUFFIN.
( grunting )
HI.
OH, NO, WHAT HAPPENED?
I JUST SPOKE TO CAROL.
BEN'S GOT THE CHICKEN POX.
YOU'RE KIDDING.
OH, NO.
SO IF YOU HAVEN'T
ALREADY HAD IT
THE CHANCES ARE
YOU'RE GOING TO GET IT.
I'VE HAD IT.
HAD IT.
I'VE NEVER HAD IT.
I FEEL SO LEFT OUT.
OH, LOOK.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HONEY, YOU MADE THE BED AGAIN.
I TOLD YOU,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO THAT.
THIS ISN'T CAMP.
OH. THEN I GUESS THE PANTY RAID
LAST NIGHT
WAS TOTALLY UNCALLED FOR.
OKAY.
I AM GOING TO TAKE A SHOWER
AND TODAY I WILL BE SINGING
JIM CROCE'S "LEROY BROWN."
( door closes )
MONICA?
HEY, MON,
I HAVE A QUESTION.
IS LEROY THE "BADDEST" MAN
IN THE WHOLE DAMN TOWN
OR THE "FATTEST" MAN
IN THE WHOLE DAMN TOWN?
THE BADDEST.
OTHERWISE THE SONG WOULD BE
"FAT, FAT LEROY BROWN."
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M JUST WAITING FOR YOU,
SWEETIE.
ARE YOU REMAKING THE BED?
I'M SORRY, I'M SORRY.
THE WAY YOU DID IT,
IT WAS JUST FINE.
THEN YOU'RE REDOING IT
BECAUSE..?
IF I TELL YOU,
YOU'LL THINK I'M CRAZY.
YOU'RE PRETTY MUCH RUNNING
THAT RISK EITHER WAY.
OKAY, YOU SEE...
THE DUVET TAG SHOULDN'T BE
AT THE TOP LEFT CORNER
IT SHOULD BE AT THE
BOTTOM RIGHT CORNER.
WELL, THAT'S NOT SO CRAZY.
I'M JUST EASING YOU IN.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU SEE THESE LITTLE
FLOWER BLOSSOMS?
THEY SHOULD BE FACING UP,
NOT DOWN
BECAUSE THE HEAD OF THE BED
IS WHERE THE SUN WOULD BE.
YOU DON'T LOVE ME ANYMORE,
DO YOU?
ACTUALLY, IF IT'S POSSIBLE,
I LOVE YOU MORE.
REALLY?
MM-HMM.
WOW.
THEN COME ON, I WANT TO SHOW YOU
HOW TO FOLD THE TOILET PAPER
INTO A POINT.
HEY, LOOK, JOEY,
I'M JUST SAYING
IF YOU NEED SOMETHING
TO HOLD YOU OVER
I CAN GET YOU A JOB RIGHT HERE
AS AN ENTRY LEVEL PROCESSOR.
BUT DON'T YOU NEED EXPERIENCE
FOR A JOB LIKE THAT?
IT'S NOT THAT HARD TO LEARN,
AND AS FOR PEOPLE REALIZING
THAT YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE DOING
HEY, YOU'RE AN ACTOR.
ACT LIKE A PROCESSOR,
PEOPLE WILL THINK
YOU'RE A PROCESSOR.
HEY, CHANDLER, HERE'S
THIS MORNING'S PROJECTIONS.
THANKS. SCOTT ALEXANDER,
JOEY TRIBBIANI.
JOEY IS, UH, A FELLOW PROCESSOR.
NO KIDDING?
OH, YEAH.
I PROCESS.
PEOPLE WANT THE PROCESSING,
I'M THE ONE THEY CALL.
WHERE DO YOU WORK?
UH... RIGHT NOW
I'M IN BETWEEN THINGS.
YOU KNOW HOW IT IS.
ONE DAY, YOU'RE PROCESSING.
THE NEXT DAY, YOU'RE...
NOT SO MUCH
PROCESSING ANYMORE.
I WAS JUST TELLING JOEY
ABOUT THE OPENING
IN FLEISCHMAN'S GROUP.
FLEISCHMAN'S GROUP?
WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T
TOUCH HIS SANDWICHES.
ARE ALL YOU
PROCESSORS DORKS?
UCH, THIS LIPSTICK LOOKS
JUST GREAT ON YOU.
YOU LOOK FABULOUS,
HONEY, YOU REALLY DO.
ARE YOU SURE, REALLY?
SEE, YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL...
FOR GOD'S SAKE,
DIM THE LIGHTS.
I... I'M HIDEOUS.
IT'S GOING TO BE OKAY.
RYAN'S BEEN UNDERWATER.
HE'S JUST GOING TO BE SO GLAD
THAT YOU DON'T HAVE BARNACLES
ON YOUR BUTT.
Phoebe:
COME IN.
HEY, BABY, I'M BA...
HEY, RYAN, WHAT'S UP?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NO, YOU HAVE TO STAY BACK.
I... I HAVE THE POX.
CHICKEN OR SMALL?
CHICKEN, WHICH IS SO IRONIC,
CONSIDERING I'M A VEGETARIAN.
WHY AREN'T YOU AT HOME IN BED?
BECAUSE MY GRANDMOTHER'S
NEVER HAD CHICKEN POX.
PLEASE, PLEASE TELL ME YOU HAVE
BECAUSE, OH, MY GOD,
I FORGOT HOW CUTE YOU ARE.
I'M SORRY. I NEVER HAD THEM.
OH! OH!
DAMN IT. IF I HAD ONE WISH
IT WOULD BE TO BUILD
A TIME MACHINE
GO BACK TO WHEN I WAS SEVEN
WHEN JIMMY HAUSER
HAD THE CHICKEN POX.
I WOULD GRAB THAT KID
AND RUB HIM ALL OVER MY FACE.
OR YOU COULD JUST WISH
THAT I DIDN'T HAVE THEM NOW.
CAN I PLEASE SEE YOUR FACE?
NO. YOU DON'T WANT TO SEE
A FACE COVERED WITH POX.
YOUR FACE COULD BE COVERED
WITH LOX, I WOULDN'T CARE.
AND YOU HATE FISH.
THAT'S SO SWEET.
ALL RIGHT, OKAY,
YOU CAN SEE.
THIS... IS ME.
( screams )
OH, SORRY.
OH, I AM SCARY.
NO, THE LIGHTNING.
IT WAS
AN UNFORTUNATE COINCIDENCE.
YOU LOOK LOVELY.
LOVELY.
I HATE THIS.
I HAD THE MOST AMAZING TWO WEEKS
PLANNED FOR US.
AND ALMOST EVERYTHING
I HAD IN MIND
WE HAD TO BE A LOT CLOSER
THAN THIS.
PHOEBE, I HAVE SPENT
THE LAST EIGHT MONTHS
IN A STEEL TUBE WITH MEN...
THINKING ABOUT THIS MOMENT.
I AM NOT GOING TO LET A BUNCH
OF ITCHY SPOTS STAND BETWEEN US.
OKAY, THIS IS
THE MOST ROMANTIC DISEASE
I'VE EVER HAD.
HEY.
HOW'S THE FIRST DAY GOING?
PRETTY GOOD. IT'S
LIKE YOU SAID--
MOSTLY PUTTING NUMBERS
FROM ONE COLUMN
INTO ANOTHER COLUMN.
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
HEY, EVERYBODY IS SO NICE.
I HAD A GOOD TALK WITH THAT LADY
WITH THE RED HAIR, JEANNIE.
JEANNIE, THE HEAD OF EAST COAST
OPERATIONS JEANNIE?
YEAH. TURNS OUT OUR KIDS
GO TO THE SAME SCHOOL.
SMALL WORLD, HUH?
WEIRD WORLD.
YOUR KIDS?
I FIGURE MY CHARACTER HAS KIDS.
YOU KNOW, THERE ISN'T A PART
OF THAT SENTENCE
THAT I DON'T NEED EXPLAINED.
WELL, SEE, WHEN YOU'RE ACTING
YOU NEED TO THINK
ABOUT STUFF LIKE THAT.
MY CHARACTER--
JOSEPH THE PROCESSING GUY--
HAS TWO LITTLE GIRLS
ASHLEY AND BRITTANY.
ASHLEY COPIES
EVERYTHING BRITTANY DOES.
OH, WELL, INVISIBLE KIDS
CAN BE THAT WAY SOMETIMES.
YOU KNOW,
JOSEPH AND HIS WIFE, KAREN
ARE THINKING OF HAVING
A THIRD KID.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST DID.
REALLY? WOW.
THAT'S SOME PRETTY POWERFUL
IMAGINARY SPERM
YOU MUST HAVE THERE.
YOU KNOW WHAT MAKES
THE ITCHING EVEN WORSE?
THAT YOU DON'T STOP
TALKING ABOUT IT?
FINE.
LET'S JUST PLAY, OKAY?
GOOD. OKAY.
HERE WE GO, DOUBLE SIXES.
HERE WE GO.
COME TO MAMA.
JUST GETTING READY
TO ROLL THE DICE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ARE YOU SCRATCHING?
NO. THIS IS WHAT I DO
FOR LUCK, OKAY?
YOU'RE SCRATCHING.
GIVE ME THE DICE.
NO!
GIVE ME THE DICE!
NO! HERE! THERE!
OOH! DOUBLE SIXES!
WE CAN'T SCRATCH.
YOU KNOW WE CAN'T.
WE'LL SCAR.
I CAN'T STOP
THINKING ABOUT IT.
IT'S JUST SO HARD.
I JUST WANT TO GRAB
ALL THESE HOUSES
AND RUB THEM
ALL OVER MY BODY.
NO!
YES.
COME ON!
YOU KNOW YOU WANT IT.
YOU KNOW YOU WANT IT TOO.
LET'S JUST BE BAD.
IT'LL FEEL SO GOOD.
OH, COME ON.
COME ON.
OH, GOD, HELP ME.
UH-HUH.
GOOD, HUH?
OH, YEAH.
NOW DO ME.
DO MY BACK.
OH, COME ON, HARDER.
THERE YOU GO.
DON'T MOVE.
WHY? WHY?
OH!
( screams )
Rachel:
STOP THAT!
STOP THAT RIGHT NOW!
YOU KNOW, I MIGHT
OF EXPECTED THIS
OF YOU, PHOEBE
BUT, RYAN, YOU'RE
A MILITARY MAN.
( laughing )
YOU AND MILTON HAVE
TO JOIN US ON THE BOAT.
KAREN'LL PACK A LUNCH.
YOU'LL BRING THE KIDS.
WE'LL MAKE A DAY OF IT.
THAT SOUNDS LOVELY.
WE'LL HAVE TO SET THAT UP.
OH, I BETTER GET BACK.
HOPE THE BABY
FEELS BETTER.
OH, THANKS. THANKS.
BYE-BYE, JEANNIE.
BYE-BYE, JOSEPH.
WHAT A PHONY.
WELL, I'M SURE YOU'LL
TEACH HER A LESSON
WHEN SHE STEPS OFF
THE DOCK ONTO NOTHING.
HEY, MR. DOUGLAS.
BING, I RECEIVED YOUR MEMO.
SO WE'RE NOT GOING
TO SEE THE SYSTEMS REPORT
UNTIL NEXT FRIDAY?
MY GROUP WANT TO SPEND
THE HOLIDAY WITH
THEIR FAMILIES.
I HAVE A FAMILY.
I'M GOING TO BE HERE.
YEAH, BING,
WHAT'S THAT ABOUT?
IT'S ABOUT CUTTING
MY PEOPLE A LITTLE SLACK
YOU KNOW, FOR MORALE.
LOOK, IF YOU WANT TO
SEE SOME ROUGH NUMBERS
I CAN GET THEM TO
YOU BY WEDNESDAY.
"ROUGH NUMBERS"?
THIS COMPANY WAS NOT BUILT
ON ROUGH NUMBERS.
AM I RIGHT, MR. DOUGLAS?
HAVE THE FINAL NUMBERS
ON MY DESK BY TUESDAY.
IF YOU SAY SO, SIR.
( laughing )
JOSEPH'S GOOD, ISN'T HE?
WELL, I'M GOING
TO KILL YOU.
HEY, HEY.
I JUST FIGURED
JOSEPH'S THE KIND OF GUY
WHO LIKES TO MIX IT UP.
YOU KNOW, GET IN THERE,
RUFFLE SOME FEATHERS.
WHY?
LOOK, I'M SORRY,
BUT THAT'S WHAT JOSEPH DOES.
OKAY?
IF YOU TRY TO PULL SOMETHING,
HE'LL CALL YOU ON IT.
"WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO PULL?" HE'LL SAY.
OOH, DUCT TAPE.
WAS I SUPPOSED
TO BRING SOMETHING TOO?
THIS IS FOR THE SCRATCHY TWINS
OUT THERE.
I TAPED OVEN MITTS
TO THEIR HANDS.
YOU'RE STRICT.
YEAH, WELL, IT'S
FOR THEIR OWN GOOD.
YOU KNOW, I LIKE
THE WAY YOU HAVE EFFICIENTLY
FOLDED THIS TAB UNDER.
SEE, IN A TAPE EMERGENCY
YOU COULD SHAVE VALUABLE SECONDS
OFF YOUR TIME.
EXACTLY. OH.
I LOVE THAT I CAN BE TOTALLY
NEUROTIC AROUND YOU NOW.
TELL ME THE TRUTH.
DON'T YOU LIKE IT BETTER
NOW THAT EVERYTHING ON
YOUR DESK IS PERPENDICULAR?
IF IT'S NOT A RIGHT ANGLE,
IT IS A WRONG ANGLE.
VERY GOOD.
THANK YOU.
TOMORROW I'M GOING
TO DO YOUR CLOCKS.
YOU'RE GOING TO DO WHAT
TO MY CLOCKS?
I'M GOING TO SET THEM
TO MY TIME.
WELL, I'M CONFUSED.
I THOUGHT WE SHARED TIME.
NO, NO.
SEE, IN MY BEDROOM, I SET
MY CLOCK SIX MINUTES FAST.
YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE IT'S IN
A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT TIME ZONE
THAN THE KITCHEN?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
FORGET IT.
NO, COME ON, TELL ME.
NO, 'CAUSE YOU
DON'T UNDERSTAND.
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY
OF THESE CUTE LITTLE
OBSESSIVE THINGS.
NO, THAT IS NOT TRUE.
WELL, TELL ME ONE OF YOURS.
OKAY.
AH!
ONE OF MY THINGS IS
I ALWAYS SEPARATE MY SWEAT SOCKS
FROM MY DRESS SOCKS.
YEAH.
WHAT IF THEY
GET MIXED UP?
BOY, I WOULD JUST, UH...
I WOULD FREAK OUT.
OH.
YOU WOULD NOT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
I HATE THIS.
YOU'RE TOO NORMAL.
CAN'T BELIEVE MY BOYFRIEND
DOESN'T HAVE A THING.
MY BOYFRIEND
SEE, IF ANYONE OVERHEARD THAT,
I DIDN'T COME OFF WELL THERE.
HEY!
MR. DOUGLAS IS LOOKING FOR YOU.
WHY? W-W-WHY?
WHY IS MR. DOUGLAS
LOOKING FOR ME?
HE HAS A STRONG SUSPICION
THAT YOU DROPPED THE BALL
ON THE LENDER PROJECT.
WHAT... W-WHY...
WHY DOES HE SUSPECT THAT?
BECAUSE AT FIRST
HE THOUGHT IT WAS JOSEPH.
BUT AFTER HE ASKED JOSEPH
ABOUT IT
TURNS OUT IT WAS YOU.
ANYWAY, I JUST THOUGHT
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT!
LOOK, JOEY, I'M SORRY.
I REALIZE THIS IS THE ROLE
OF A LIFETIME FOR YOU
AND IF I COULD JUST
FIRE JOSEPH, I WOULD
BUT THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
SO I'M GOING TO HAVE
TO LET BOTH OF YOU GO.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
EVERYBODY LOVES JOSEPH.
I DON'T.
I HATE JOSEPH. OKAY?
I THINK HE'S
A BROWN-NOSING SUCK-UP.
OH, YEAH?
YOU CAN'T FIRE JOSEPH.
YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE HE'S NOT
IN YOUR DEPARTMENT.
HAA.
ALL RIGHT, OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, SO I
CAN'T FIRE JOSEPH
BUT I CAN SLEEP WITH HIS WIFE.
NOT KAREN?
YEAH, KAREN.
I'M THINKING ABOUT
HAVING AN AFFAIR WITH HER.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I JUST DID.
( gasps )
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING TO ME, MAN?
OH. WELL, IT'S NOT ME.
IT'S MY CHARACTER.
"CHANDY."
THE ROGUE PROCESSOR
WHO SEDUCES HIS CO-WORKERS'
WIVES FOR SPORT
AND LAUGHS ABOUT IT THE NEXT DAY
AT THE WATER COOLER.
IN FACT, I HAVE HER PANTIES
RIGHT THERE IN MY DRAWER.
REALLY?
NO, FREAK SHOW!
SHE'S FICTIONAL!
ALL RIGHT!
HEY, TAKE IT EASY.
IF IT MEANS THAT MUCH TO YOU,
I'LL, UH...
I'LL GO FIND SOMETHING ELSE.
THANK YOU.
IT'S JUST THAT...
I'M GOING TO MISS JOSEPH.
I LIKED HIM.
HIS WIFE... SHE WAS HOT.
OW!
CAN I PLEASE TAKE THESE OFF?
I SWEAR I WON'T SCRATCH.
SORRY, HON.
MONICA'S ORDERS.
WELL, THAT WASN'T EASY.
OKAY, DINNER'S ON.
AND THERE'S A PEACH COBBLER
WARMING IN THE OVEN.
SO THE PLATE'S
GOING TO BE HOT
BUT THAT SHOULDN'T
BE A PROBLEM FOR YOU.
( laughs )
ALL RIGHT, YOU KIDS.
BYE NOW.
BYE.
Ross:
LOOK.
A LOW-BUDGET
PUPPET SHOW.
IT'S SUCH A SHAME
YOU CAN'T SEE
WHAT FINGER I'M HOLDING UP.
ALL RIGHT.
WINE?
PLEASE.
WHOOP. SPILLED SOME.
I GOT IT.
I MUST TELL YOU.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL TONIGHT.
WHAT?
SORRY.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
OH.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S IT.
OH.
OH, YES.
GOOD.
( both moaning )
NO. YOU KNOW WHAT?
HEY, YOU GUYS. DID YOU..?
MONICA, WAKE UP.
MONICA.
WHAT'S UP?
I THOUGHT OF A THING.
YEAH?
YEAH.
I HAVE TO SLEEP-- HAVE TO--
ON THIS SIDE OF THE BED.
NO, HONEY.
YOU HAVE TO SLEEP
ON THIS SIDE OF THE BED
BECAUSE I HAVE TO SLEEP
ON THIS SIDE OF THE BED.
OR SO I WOULD
HAVE YOU BELIEVE.
NO. BIG DEAL.
SO YOU HAVE A SIDE
OF THE BED.
EVERYBODY HAS
A SIDE OF THE BED.
HEY, COME ON.
YOU HAVEN'T HEARD
MY REASON YET.
ALL RIGHT, GO ON.
OKAY. I HAVE TO SLEEP
ON THE WEST SIDE
BECAUSE I GREW UP
IN CALIFORNIA
AND OTHERWISE THE OCEAN
WOULD BE ON THE WRONG SIDE.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE A FREAK.
YEAH.
HOW ABOUT THAT?
RYAN, WHERE YOU
SHIPPING OFF TO?
I REALLY CAN'T SAY.
DO YOU HAVE NUCLEAR WEAPONS
ON BOARD?
I CAN'T SAY.
DO YOU GET TO LOOK THROUGH
ONE OF THOSE PERISCOPE THINGIES?
I'M SORRY, BUT I CAN'T SAY.
WOW. IT'S NEAT
LEARNING ABOUT SUBMARINES.
WELL, I BETTER
GET OUT OF HERE.
'KAY, I'LL WALK YOU OUT.
PLEASURE.
TAKE CARE.
SO, DO YOU, UH, THINK
WE COULD GET YOU
ONE OF THOSE, UH,
UNIFORM THINGS?
YOU LIKE THAT, DO YOU?
OH, YEAH.
I'LL MAKE SOME CALLS.
OKAY.
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS IS
HOW WE SPENT OUR TWO WEEKS?
WE DIDN'T DO ANY
OF THE ROMANTIC THINGS
I HAD PLANNED,
LIKE HAVING A PICNIC
IN CENTRAL PARK
AND COFFEE AT CENTRAL PERK.
OH, I JUST GOT THAT.
OH.
TAXI.
BYE, YOU.
( laughing )
I'M SORRY. WE'RE CLO...
HEY, SAILOR.
IS THIS WHAT YOU HAD IN MIND?
( laughs )
I'LL SAY.
( screams )
I'M SHIPPING OUT TOMORROW.
WELL, THEN, UH...
WE BETTER MAKE
THIS NIGHT COUNT.
OH, WAIT.
I FORGOT TO TURN OFF
THE CAPPUCCINO MACHINE.
SORRY.
OH.
ANCHORS AWAY.
( laughs )
OH, AND MY PURSE, MY PURSE.
MY PURSE, MY PURSE.
SORRY. OOH.
THANK YOU.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I FORGOT TO TURN OFF
THE BATHROOM LIGHT.
WHY DON'T I
JUST MEET YOU UPSTAIRS?
Rachel:
HONEY..!